src/facts/island_fact/facts_list.md, before:

# FACTS LIST
**Version: 3**

**Updated by: stageddat**

**Updated at: 07:25 EST**
1. Upon using a blueprint, it disappears from the player’s [inventory](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Inventory) and a visual icon of the [item](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Item) on will appear temporarily on the player’s head. 
2. The in-game loading tips refer to fertile flowers as "source flowers". 
3. Before breeding became possible, flowers could not be placed. 
4. If a player were to pick up a flower while it was breeding, it would become unwatered and not breed until watered again. 
5. Only infertile flowers used to be able to be used to craft dyed [blocks](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Block). This was later changed to make it easier for players to complete [Fulco](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Fulco) 's quests and both fertile and regular flowers can be used to make dyed blocks now. 
6. The [elephant banner](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Elephant_Banner) and the [lunar banner](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Lunar_Banner) are the only items that can be crafted using mundane flowers.Although unobtainable, fertile mundane flowers show up in the crafting recipe for the two banners. 
8. Prior [March 6, 2022](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/March_6,_2022), tulips were composed of solid elements that could collide with players. Since the update, tulips became non-solid like the other species of flowers. Currently, lavenders are the only flower that have a collision box. 
9. Daffodils and tulips have the exact same color variations and all but one breeding combination, with the only difference being that red and light green tulips cannot be bred for yellow ones. 
10. Roses have the least number of variants. 
11. Lavenders have the most number of variants, having all colors but mundane. 
12. Tulips are the tallest flowers. 
13. Hibiscuses are the shortest flowers. 
14. Roses are the only species of flowers that do not require [bees](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Bee) for any breeding combination. 
15. The fertile light green chrysanthemum is the second longest item name inIslands, the longest being the [fish tank treasure chest blueprint](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blueprint). 
16. Walking while holding a chrome chrysanthemum in the [Void Isles](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Void_Isles) will cause it to constantly change color from black to purple. 
17. Other than mundane, the most common flower color is red.  Chrome is the least common color. 
18. If you try to breed a lavender combination that doesn't work (e.g. fertile purple+fertile purple)it doesn't give you a mundane flower,but it does make it dry after a few minutes. therefore,making lavenders the only flower that doesn't have a mundane version.

Commit message:

Update fact data from local v:5

src/facts/island_fact/facts_list.md, after:

# FACTS LIST
**Version: 5**

**Updated by: stageddat**

**Updated at: 08:12 EST**
1. Upon using a blueprint, it disappears from the player’s [inventory](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Inventory) and a visual icon of the [item](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Item) on will appear temporarily on the player’s head. 
2. The in-game loading tips refer to fertile flowers as "source flowers". 
3. Before breeding became possible, flowers could not be placed. 
4. If a player were to pick up a flower while it was breeding, it would become unwatered and not breed until watered again. 
5. Only infertile flowers used to be able to be used to craft dyed [blocks](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Block). This was later changed to make it easier for players to complete [Fulco](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Fulco) 's quests and both fertile and regular flowers can be used to make dyed blocks now. 
6. The [elephant banner](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Elephant_Banner) and the [lunar banner](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Lunar_Banner) are the only items that can be crafted using mundane flowers.Although unobtainable, fertile mundane flowers show up in the crafting recipe for the two banners. 
8. Prior [March 6, 2022](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/March_6,_2022), tulips were composed of solid elements that could collide with players. Since the update, tulips became non-solid like the other species of flowers. Currently, lavenders are the only flower that have a collision box. 
9. Daffodils and tulips have the exact same color variations and all but one breeding combination, with the only difference being that red and light green tulips cannot be bred for yellow ones. 
10. Roses have the least number of variants. 
11. Lavenders have the most number of variants, having all colors but mundane. 
12. Tulips are the tallest flowers. 
13. Hibiscuses are the shortest flowers. 
14. Roses are the only species of flowers that do not require [bees](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Bee) for any breeding combination. 
15. The fertile light green chrysanthemum is the second longest item name inIslands, the longest being the [fish tank treasure chest blueprint](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blueprint). 
16. Walking while holding a chrome chrysanthemum in the [Void Isles](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Void_Isles) will cause it to constantly change color from black to purple. 
17. Other than mundane, the most common flower color is red.  Chrome is the least common color. 
18. If you try to breed a lavender combination that doesn't work (e.g. fertile purple+fertile purple)it doesn't give you a mundane flower,but it does make it dry after a few minutes. therefore,making lavenders the only flower that doesn't have a mundane version. 
19. Crop totems need the player to plant their respective crop seed nearby to start working as totems that have not harvested before cannot plant seeds. 
20. Crops harvested by totems will give [Farming](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Farming) XP despite how no particles are emitted when this occurs. 
21.  [Red berry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Berry), [blueberry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blueberry), [blackberry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blackberry), and test totems are the only totems that cannot be upgraded. 
22. Totems were remodelled on [April 16, 2021](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/April_16,_2021), and initially, if a player held a totem, it would display its legacy model. This issue was later fixed on [May 8, 2021](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/May_8,_2021). Additionally, the totems used to have a hitbox of 3x3, but this was also changed back to the original 1x1 on the same day.
25. There was a bug where players would start lagging due to totem animations. This was fixed in the [December 10, 2021](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/December_10,_2021) update. 
26. There was a bug where pineapple totems would not collect [pineapples](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Pineapple). This was fixed shortly after it was found. 
27. Since the [January 15, 2022](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/January_15,_2022) update, red berry, blueberry, and blackberry totems have been discontinued and are no longer purchasable from Arius in the Hub. 
28. On [April 1, 2022](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/April_1,_2022), little icons were added to totems to differentiate between different totems. 
29.  [Red berry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Berries), [blueberry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blueberries), and [blackberry](https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Blackberries) totems can no longer be traded
